docs(readme): add information for upgrading to v4.x (#284)
myparcelnl/prestashop: README.md

For the manual and more information, check out our [PrestaShop module guide] on the [MyParcel Developer Portal].

### Upgrading to v4.x

> When upgrading to v4.x it is necessary to clear the cache of Prestashop. To do so, go to `Advanced Parameters` -> `Performance` and click on `Clear cache`.

Reviewer: Zou hier van maken it _may_ be necessary omdat het alleen van toepassing is als je de cache aan hebt staan (en zelfs dan misschien niet altijd?)

```suggestion
When upgrading to v4.x it may be necessary to first clear the cache of Prestashop. To do so, go to `Advanced Parameters` -> `Performance` and click on `Clear cache`, then upload the plugin as normal.
```
